gh-106318: Add example for str.isalpha() (#137557)
python/cpython: Doc/library/stdtypes.rst

   from the `Alphabetic property defined in the section 4.10 'Letters, Alphabetic, and
   Ideographic' of the Unicode Standard
   <https://www.unicode.org/versions/Unicode16.0.0/core-spec/chapter-4/#G91002>`_.
   For example:

   .. doctest::

      >>> 'a commom word'.isalpha()
      False
      >>> 'acommomword'.isalpha()

>       True

Reviewer: Perhaps?
```suggestion
      >>> 'Letters and spaces'.isalpha()
      False
      >>> 'LettersOnly'.isalpha()
      True
```

>       >>> 'µ'.isalpha() # no-ascii characters could be alpha too

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      >>> 'µ'.isalpha()  # non-ascii characters can be considered alphabetical too
```

>       >>> 'µ'.isalpha()  # non-ascii characters can be considered alphabetical too

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      >>> 'µ'.isalpha()  # non-ASCII characters can be considered alphabetical too
```

   from the `Alphabetic property defined in the section 4.10 'Letters, Alphabetic, and
   Ideographic' of the Unicode Standard
   <https://www.unicode.org/versions/Unicode16.0.0/core-spec/chapter-4/#G91002>`_.
   For example::

   ..doctest::

> 

Reviewer 3: These conflict

Author: Do you mean the missing space after `..` ?

Reviewer 3: You can’t have both `::` and the doctest. Look at what happens when you build it.

Author: I got. Fixing.

Author: Done.

      >>> 'a commom word'.isalpha()
      False
      >>> 'acommomword'.isalpha()
      True
      >>> 'µ'.isalpha() # no-ascii characters could be alpha too
      True

>    See Unicode Properties section in :ref:`unicode-howto`.

Reviewer 3: Which section exactly are you referring to? The description already covers the properties. Idea: It could be shown in the example, e.g.:

```py
>>> import unicodedata
... unicodedata.category('é') 
'Ll'
```

Author: > Which section exactly are you referring to?

https://docs.python.org/3/howto/unicode.html#unicode-properties

I couldn't link to the subsection. Now I discovered that `:ref:` role links to a label in the form `.. _my-reference-label:`, not to reStructuredText sections.

So, now I intend to put (adding this label on the Unicode Properties section) 
```rst
See :ref:`unicode-properties`
```
I think this is more valuable than the example you suggested and a good complement to the description.

Shall I go ahead with this?

Author: It is done. Here and on #137592.
